Why are you a courier here?
Somebody kick him out
It stains the air.
I'm looking for my wife
What's your business?
Not divorced yet?
I'm leaving, I'll do it later.
Can't leave
Ruonan is pregnant with me now and can't leave
Then get rid of this bastard
Then I'll kill you first.
Hey, a kid is wild there and dares to play retail
What are you looking at?
See what's wrong with you
you
You still want to hit me?
Forget it. Forget it.
Look at Li Weiting's breakup of 500 million to the company
500 million.
I mean 500 million is nothing
Fucking pretend
This project has nothing to do with you
Hey, Lin Shaolin Shaolin Shaolin
We don't follow this barbarism
The general knowledge of the lower class?
Hey, Master Lin, aren't you on good terms with Xingtian Leopard?
Looking for Black Panther will make Black Panther clean him up
Hey, Brother Bao